listen I told you guys that the nun was
like the Thanos of this universe because
she not only has a bunch of post-credit
cameos but she's always trying to take
over everything I was right in my
opinion the film is full of a lot of
nonsense so to me it was still a stream
it better than Annabelle but I don't
think it hurts the franchise which I
still think is pretty interesting like I
covered in my recap video right here
especially with how everything is
connected
let me explain so the nun takes place
before all the other movies in 1952 it
turns out there's this Duke who wanted
to create his own Hotel California where
he was sacrificing people in order to
build doors that would break on through
to the other side so when the church
finds out that he's opening portals for
demons they come in take him away
lock the gates of Hell and then build a
church on top of it
but I was like building a school annex
at Jared's house obviously like every
house built above an Indian burial
ground
a ghost appears in this case it's a
demon ayvalik who dresses up as a nun in
order to haunt all the other nuns at the
nunnery in order to take over their
bodies to escape but instead they all
answer Heaven's Gate and sacrifice
themselves because they want to keep
Valek in this place when corporate hears
about this they decide to send their
priests and olive from Popeye to go
investigate what's going on they end up
checking in for a three nights stay not
realizing that all of the nuns are
pulling a Bruce Willis and they're all
dead
they start getting spooked Vera Farmiga
sister hasn't taken her vows yet so that
makes her the perfect candidate for
VALIC to want to take over her body
while preacher man starts following yarn
around like he's a cat and ends up
getting buried alive now let me say
these ghosts must have a membership at
Lowe's because that grass grew back fast
at this point they start taking it
seriously right Frenchy who's been
helping the mound since he was the guy
who found the nun bodies starts walking
around with a cross bigger than Jim
Caviezel x' preacher man pulls out his
holy water squirt gun and Irene puts on
her super suit look at like a tampon
ready to soak in evil spirits but
remember I had said in my past video
that it's no coincidence that both
actresses are sisters in real life
because everything's connected that
picture in Annabelle creation that we
saw it's here in the lodging and the
conjuring - there was all these easter
eggs about valach with its name written
out you see the name written on a
license plate in this one so seeing that
they have the oroboro sign which pretty
much means that every
things gonna come full-circle you have
to consider that in this movie the main
nun is the heirloom to Romania so Valek
wanting to be in this bloodline it just
leads me to believe that he eventually
goes after Lorraine because she's also a
part of this lineage it's all connected
so anyways the whole nunnery starts
looking like a lousy concert irene takes
her vows which it's the biggest
friendzone for this dude right here and
as she starts the final boss battle with
Valek girl gets hooked up with the
biggest cheat code of them all the blood
of Jesus that's why VALIC the Defiler
the profane mother of dragons Julio
Ricardo Montoya de la Rosa Ramirez dis I
said dunk this hole in the water who
somehow is able to swallow the vial that
has the blood of Jesus while she's
underwater holding her breath and then
pops out to spit it out and give VALIC
the facial of death girl with lungs like
that are you sure you want to be a nun
everything seems to be fine and dandy
until you remember that you know the
conjuring 3 is in production for 2019
and they revealed that Frenchy is
actually the same dude they mentioned in
the first scene of the first conjuring
they pretty much show you the scene back
in just CGI him in and they tell you
that he's this guy named Maurice
explaining that the same way that
Annabelle used a Marco polio girl to
eventually get back into the doll Valek
got into Frenchie to pretty much use him
as a host so it would eventually get to
Lorraine because they're all connected
note that we're barely halfway through
all of these conjuring movies and
there's gonna be way more to come
they're all going to be connected they
all have really interesting Easter eggs
but if you're one of those people who
get freaked out just remember that the
nun has one of the lamest theme songs of
all time
because it sounds like a dude at the
dentist
thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm Kish know your thoughts down
below in the comments section I I'm on
the road trip so if you guys had heard
pretty much I wasn't able to do this
until a bit later I had seen it when it
came out I saw it at a Jersey theater
which bra I don't know if that explains
all of the Jersey theatres over in New
Jersey New Jersey pumps gas for you but
they're Adobe theaters like falling
apart I it was one of the worst theatres
I've ever been to in my life and y'all
gave me some tickets over there so that
money needs to go straight to that but
I'm curious to know your thoughts on
this one like I said a bunch of other
videos that are going to be coming out
hashtag the ten coming soon as well but
let me know your thoughts about this one
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll send you the blood of
Jesus for three easy payments of 316